all right my little sister is gonna tell
me ignore the nesting them okay yes
double to ensure chauffeurs the hand
thing uh-huh
well I don't think this is really double
joint show the camp Marion but people
say it is this I don't think this is
anything this I cannot do that
this look at that I don't know if you
can really see it give me some advice is
scary okay and I've been my own boss the
other direction
and then at my I have put my two
favorite double joints one is my oldest
I guess the right one is I can do
anything now though and I guess I'm
doing my oldest one ethics you did it
backwards okay and then there's this one
at first I got this double joint because
before to be sure or stretch my
shoulders because it was good and at
first when I do it it felt like my chest
was going to my arms but now do that
again
see my elbows upside down I mean my
shoulder creepy okay that's just creepy
it's like flex rollers
that it's not Debra joking doing the
splits yeah it's not it's actually a
muscle thing is that all I can do I
think that's all well there was that
finger thing but I'm not that good at it
okay